The context surrounding
an enterprise, created,
and influenced by multiple
inherently uncertain forces, can
significantly impact the fortunes
of a business. While this volatility
has come to be expected as normal,
not every business emerges from it having
tackled the situation with the same resilience.
Those that get a head start in preparing and taking
on the challenges are also the ones that come out of the
uncertainty with the ability to outperform in the recovery.
That does not necessarily mean rethinking one’s business
strategy, but rather rearticulating it to adapt. It’s really
about being judicious where to lean in and where to pull
back. In essence, it’s about protecting one’s capability
to innovate and propel forward while being deeply
disciplined when it comes to operations. Digitally
transformed companies have a distinct advantage here.
They can drive frictionless business throughout the supply
chain, serve customers at lower costs, and avoid resourceintensive IT upgrades, unlike the digitally disadvantaged
who may have to wait for economic conditions to improve
before they can make progress.
Advanced technologies – especially AI in tandem with
cloud – are creating performance opportunities that are
reshaping these dynamics in significant ways. They are
helping companies to amplify human potential to take
on higher value work, boost people productivity and
rapidly create business value. From unlocking efficiencies
at scale and empowering the ecosystem to accelerating
growth, cognitively capable companies are unshackling
intelligence from data for experimentation as well as
the scale-out of AI to power greater efficacy and create
disruptive revenue streams.
Infosys is taking the AI-first approach to its own
transformation. We are bringing the power of AI, analytics,
and cloud to accelerate our own enterprise transformation,
even as we build incremental value from micro-changes,
to improve client service, reimagine business processes,
and boost productivity. Nearly 50,000 reusable intelligent
services, applied in over 25,000 instances, are amplifying
our employees to boost their productivity.
It is Infosys TopazTM – our AI-first services using generative
AI – that’s making it all possible. Both for us and our clients.
Today, 12,000+ AI use cases and 150+ pre-trained AI
models delivered by AI-first specialists and data strategists
are accelerating business value for enterprises the world
over. All this, while ensuring uncompromising ethics, trust,
privacy and compliance, and security of data and AI.
You’ll no doubt catch interesting glimpses of these exciting
possibilities and progress in this Integrated Annual Report.
It’s the same potential we see too, to help our clients
navigate change and move into a future filled with more
potential, and more shared advances.
NAVIGATING CHANGE AT THE PACE OF AI
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 3
4 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
E-commerce fraud has evolved and increased with
the surge in online commerce since the pandemic.
Bad actors are launching more sophisticated attacks.
E-commerce losses to online payment fraud were
estimated at US$41 billion globally in 2022, making
cybersecurity an utmost priority for all digital
companies.
Booking Holdings is the world’s leading provider
of online travel and related services, offered to
consumers and local partners in more than 220
countries and territories through six primary
consumer-facing brands: Booking.com, Priceline,
Agoda, Rentalcars.com, KAYAK and OpenTable.
Booking Holdings’ mission is to make it easier for
everyone to experience the world.
Across their operations, Booking Holdings’ brands
have always been keen to ensure comprehensive
security powered by next-gen technology. To realize
this, the company teamed up with Infosys to ramp
BOOKING HOLDINGS: BOOSTING THE RISK-RESILIENCE OF
BUSINESS
‘’Modern enterprises, with their digital footprint expanding past
traditional perimeters, are increasingly susceptible to cybersecurity
attacks. To be cyber-resilient, enterprises must embed security by
design and operational measures to adequately protect products and
services. To do this, they need to embrace AI-first threat management
solutions. We have successfully adopted this approach at Booking
Holdings and for our brands working collaboratively with Infosys.’’
Spencer Mott
Chief Security Officer – Booking Holdings & Booking.com
up a Center of Excellence in Bucharest, Romania.
The Center delivers services across critical business
functions in cybersecurity, fraud management
and analytics and TRAC (Trust, Risk, Assurance and
Compliance). It also delivers services for financial
systems development and support, IT development
and support, application security, risk management,
audit management and account security consultancy.
Infosys TopazTM AI-first solution plays a key role here
in making these services truly cognitive. This initiative
is driving improved speed to market, more innovative
thinking and consistently rewarding business
outcomes for brands like Booking.com.
Efforts at Infosys strengthen this collaboration to
build innovative solutions in the travel domain.
Infosys is also looking to continuously upskill its
project team to build exceptional skill sets that can be
leveraged to build these focused solutions.
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
5
6 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
Digital transformation of enterprises today is also
leading to data and AI transformation of businesses
bringing powerful capabilities to non-technical
users in the world of healthcare. Cloud remains a key
foundational capability necessary to accelerate value
generation on this journey.
Molina Healthcare, a FORTUNE 500 company,
provides managed healthcare services under the
Medicaid and Medicare programs and through
the state insurance marketplace. Through locally
operated health plans, Molina Healthcare serves
approximately 5.1 million Americans.
From first starting their cloud journey to enable
exponential efficiencies, Molina Healthcare has long
since evolved it to become a key driver of revenue
for businesses through the creation of cognitive
capabilities. That’s why, leveraging Infosys CobaltTM –
cloud services and solutions, for Molina Healthcare,
has also meant creating a foundation with ready
access for business users.
Molina Healthcare is committed to providing a wide
range of quality healthcare services to families and
individuals who qualify for government-sponsored
programs. Today, running business operations,
including their mission critical systems, with dataand AI-powered capabilities on the cloud, has given
Molina Healthcare a first-mover advantage that few
others enjoy. Better business scalability and resilience
have improved the experience for their members.
Growth, for the business, is accelerated by adding
more participants from new untapped states. Time to
onboard these participants and costs to provide them
care have significantly reduced, thereby boosting
profitability.
But perhaps, most significantly, this cloud-first
journey that Molina Healthcare is on has reinforced
the company’s ability to realize its purpose – to
improve the lives and well-being of its members,
while making a positive impact in the communities
they serve.
MOLINA HEALTHCARE: MAXIMIZING VALUE FROM CLOUD
INVESTMENTS
‘’Growing our cloud capabilities has been integral to our digital
transformation. We also know that continuing to strengthen these
capabilities is the way for us to become an AI-first enterprise that will
enable to service our members seamlessly. Infosys is a trusted partner
for us on this journey.’’
Amir Desai
CIO, Molina Healthcare
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 7
8 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
As companies seek to extend market leadership, skills
for their employees, especially in new technology
capabilities like generative AI, IoT, cybersecurity and
additive manufacturing, are becoming vital for longterm success. Building efficiencies into the learning
path for organization-wide upskilling and reskilling is
high on the list of focus areas for business leadership.
With a rich history spanning over 175 years, Siemens
is a German multinational technology company
and one of the largest engineering companies in
the world. Staying ahead of the technology curve is
critical for Siemens to retain its leadership. This makes
rapid and effective upskilling of its large, diverse and
geographically spread workforce imperative.
Partnering with Infosys and leveraging Infosys
Wingspan, AI-first learning and talent transformation
platform, Siemens has reimagined its approach to
upskilling and learning. Infosys Wingspan draws
on Infosys TopazTM to bring in robust AI, including
generative AI capabilities. With Infosys, Siemens’
enterprise learning has stepped firmly into the
digital age – leading to the inception of My Learning
World harnessing Infosys Wingspan. It is the single
entry point into digital learning and the gateway
to personal upskilling and reskilling at scale for
Siemens employees, with AI to monitor and predict
learning, simultaneously acting as the digital brain
of the company.
My Learning World is amplified with AI-powered
algorithms that deliver a strong nudge framework
to integrate learning actively into the performance
culture of the organization. AI is also helping deeply
personalize the upskilling journey for learners. The
cognitive core of My Learning World also allows
leaders to track the progress that learners make and
continuously refocus efforts and content to deliver
improved outcomes.
As the exploration of generative AI tools for the
platform intensifies, the promise to make the learning
journey richer and more engaging is becoming real.
Some key generative AI-driven features include
automatic content generation, automatic creation
of learning objectives and AI-powered learning
assistants. Applying AI to the data from this platform
gives Siemens key insights into the learning habits
and skill trends, enhances search quality and learning
experience. And the results are encouraging –
My Learning World is the fourth most used platform
across Siemens, recording six million hours of
learning in total in fiscal 2022.
This AI-first journey to efficiently enhance their
digital skill quotient is helping Siemens foster a
culture of lifelong learning. It is enabling them to
build a resilient workforce that can adapt to rapid
technological changes in the industry.
SIEMENS: BOOSTING THE EFFICIENCIES OF WORKFORCE
LEARNING
‘At Siemens, we want to support our people in staying relevant in
a permanently changing environment by continuously evolving
functional and technical skills. Digitalization, with an AI-first approach,
is at the core of our strategy for the future. We are excited to have found
an effective partner in Infosys who can support us to bring greater
efficiencies to our employees’ learning and growth journey with My
Learning World. This is an important partnership for Siemens, and we
look forward to continuing to build on these learning experiences for
our employees.”
Daniela Proust
Senior Vice President, Head of Global Learning and Growth at Siemens
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
9
10 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
MAKING
BUSINESSES
SMARTER
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
Digitalization is both the force and the force
multiplier for the engineering sector to navigate
their next while planning, designing, managing, and
engineering communities to thrive.
WSP is one of world’s leading engineering and
professional services firms, developing creative,
comprehensive, and sustainable solutions for the
future. Equipped with an intimate understanding
of local intricacies, world-class talent and proactive
leadership, the company plans, designs, and
engineers solutions to uniquely complex problems.
Their partnership with Infosys will be enabling WSP’s
enterprise-wide internal digital transformation across
all core processes including project and portfolio
management, sales, procurement, finance, and
human capital management. The outcome WSP
aspires to, is the creation of an agile, responsive,
and unified organization that works synergistically
across their various entities and markets. The goal is
to continue to improve win ratios, cash flows, drive
efficient project management, talent management,
book closures and help onboard seamless integration
of new entities. This will require undertaking
large-scale business process transformation with
underlying agile cloud-led technologies to equip
various personas, including the project manager,
with better insights for informed decision making.
The project commenced by implementing a global
blueprint to addresses challenges around unique
industry-specific business processes, providing for a
robust business architecture and delivering intuitive
user experiences for all key stakeholders. Oracle ERP
cloud was chosen as the underlying cloud platform
with bolt-on extensions and intelligent automation
to support insights-led business redesign. The
solution drew support from a strong automation, and
embedded analytics backbone to deliver a unified
system with deep visibility and control.
WSP, in partnership with Infosys, has completed the
first deployment in Canada, one of the key regions.
Plans are now afoot to implement in the US, UK and
ultimately all global regions. This will enable WSP
to continue to drive strong project management
with trackable schedule and budget adherence,
streamlined flow of talent, effective management
of the sales pipeline, optimized pricing techniques
along with excellent risk management and controls.
WSP: REDESIGNING BUSINESS OPERATIONS WITH INSIGHTS
“From improving planning, to impacting operational efficiency and
personnel training, insights-driven digital transformation is key to our
strategy to smoothly solve complex engineering challenges. This also
offers a way to continuously improve and prepare for a wide range of
business scenarios. We are glad to have Infosys partner with us in these
endeavors.’’
Chadi Habib
Chief Technology Officer and Head of Business Solutions, WSP
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 11
12 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23
ACCELERATING THE AI-FIRST
JOURNEY FOR YOUR ENTERPRISE
Organizations in the insurance industry have recently
been severely targeted by threat actors due to the
huge volume of personally identifiable information
and sensitive customer financial data. To date, more
than 100 million users have had their personally
identifiable information compromised in this sector,
making cybersecurity an utmost priority.
MS Amlin is a leading insurer and reinsurer and is part
of the global top-10 insurance group MS&AD, with
three main legal entities’ operating in the Lloyd’s, UK,
Continental European and Bermudian markets. With a
300-year record, MS Amlin delivers quality service for
businesses facing the most complex and demanding
risks. Their areas of operation are mostly property &
casualty, marine and reinsurance markets.
MS Amlin has chosen Infosys as their cybersecurity
service provider to ensure comprehensive
security services powered by cognitive next-gen
security operations.
Infosys offers enterprise-wide security controls
to secure MS Amlin’s IT estate, including identity
protection, network security, workplace and workload
security, vulnerability management and governance,
along with risk and compliance management. The
platform-centric approach for security tools and
controls are embedded with cognitive AI-modeled
use cases and playbooks for advanced threat
detection and response.
Identity is now a crucial aspect of cybersecurity;
if compromised, it can trigger many lethal server
attacks. Infosys has, for MS Amlin, mitigated the risk of
identify management by implementing SSO – single
sign-on and reconciliation of privileged accounts.
Infosys has also helped implement multi-factor
authentication and privilege access management
with industry-leading and best-of-breed products
and solutions.
Network detection and response has also been
operationalized for MS Amlin to get deep and
detailed insights on the anomalies in their
environment.
Working in collaboration with MS Amlin, Infosys has
been able to protect the business from evolving
threats and elevate their security posture.
MS AMLIN: INSIGHTS TO NAVIGATE FROM RISK MANAGEMENT
TO STRATEGIC RESILIENCE
“Modern enterprises, with their digital footprint growing beyond
traditional perimeters, are becoming soft targets for cybersecurity
attacks. To be risk-resilient, enterprises must embed security by
design and embrace next-gen cognitive threat management
solutions. MS Amlin and Infosys Cybersecurity are working
collaboratively to establish next-gen security operations for
threat monitoring and incident response orchestration based on
AI hypothesis.”
Andy Hodgson
CISO, MS Amlin
Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 13
14 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 15
Contents
For an interactive digital experience of the report, visit:
https://www.infosys.com/content/dam/infosys-web/en/investors/reports-filings/
annual-report/annual/documents/integrated-annual-report2022-23/index.html
16 About this report
Corporate overview
18 About Infosys
19 Global presence
20 The Infosys Board of Directors
26 The Infosys leadership team
Performance overview
28
30
32
34
Business highlights
Chairman
’s message
Letter to the Shareholder
Awards and
recognitions
Approaching value creation
38 Our business context
40 Strategy
42 Value creation model
Delivering value
44 Financial Capital
46 Human Capital
48 Intellectual Capital
50 Natural Capital
52 Manufactured Capital
54 Social and Relationship Capital
Statutory reports
58 Board’s report
70 Annexures to the Board’s report
100 Management’s discussion and analysis
117 Corporate governance report
155 Investor contacts
157 Risk management report
161 Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report
205 CEO and CFO certification
Financial statements
206 Standalone
290 Consolidated
16 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 17
About this report
Infosys adopted the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
principles to disclose performance on non-financial
aspects of the business 15 years ago and became the
first IT company to publish sustainability performance
in accordance with the GRI G4 (comprehensive) criteria
in 2014.
This is the second Integrated Annual Report of Infosys
Limited. Our Integrated Annual Report provides a
comprehensive overview of our company’s performance
and progress over the past year. It includes quantitative
and qualitative disclosures on material topics, such as
financial performance, environmental sustainability, social
responsibility, and our relationship with our stakeholders.
It also describes our strategy, leadership commitment and
culture that celebrates people, performance and purpose.
The Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 has been
prepared in accordance with the International Integrated
Reporting Framework, developed by the International
Integrated Reporting Council (IIRC), the GRI Standard and
SASB Standard. This report also includes the Business
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR), prepared in
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Securities and
Exchange Board of India (SEBI). We have also mapped our
contribution to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)
through the Infosys ESG Vision and ambitions.
The financial and statutory data disclosed in the
statutory sections of this report meet the requirements
of the Companies Act, 2013 (including the rules made
thereunder) and applicable SEBI Regulations.
An introduction to the report
Auditors’ reports
The Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2023 from Deloitte Haskins
& Sells LLP, Chartered Accountants (ICAI Firm Registration
Number 117366W/ W-100018) does not contain any
qualification, reservation or adverse remark. The Report is
enclosed with the financial statements in this Integrated
Annual Report.
The Secretarial Auditors’ Report for fiscal 2023 from
Makarand M. Joshi of Makarand M. Joshi & Co., Company
Secretaries, does not contain any qualification, reservation
or adverse remark. The Secretarial Auditors’ Report is
enclosed as Annexure 5 to the Board’s report.
Independent assurance
Select non-financial sustainability disclosures in this
Integrated Annual Report are verified by KPMG Assurance
and Consulting Services LLP. The Independent Assurance
Statement for our BRSR disclosures is available as part of
this Integrated Annual Report.
Management’s review
This Integrated Annual Report has been reviewed and
approved, for publication, by the Management of the
Company.
Feedback
Share your feedback about the report to
investors@infosys.com
Our capitals
Financial Capital
We obtain our Financial Capital through
the funds generated from our business
operations and financing activities.
Our strong performance on the back
of meticulous execution over the years,
as reflected in the combination of
high growth and profitability, has led
to building a strong, debt-free, and
liquid Balance Sheet. Our focus is on
ensuring a sustainable and profitable
financial position.
Intellectual Capital
Our Intellectual Capital is driven by
agility, flexibility, and innovation.
We are committed to working
with experts, academia, and other
stakeholders to develop new products
and services that meet the needs
of our customers and communities.
With iCETS, the Living Labs, and the
Infosys Innovation Network, we have
a broad portfolio of solutions across
industry segments. The Infosys Prize
and Aarohan Social Innovation awards
recognize outstanding achievements
by researchers and scholars and provide
a platform for innovators and social
entrepreneurs, respectively.
Manufactured Capital
As strong advocates of environmental
stewardship extending beyond
our boundaries, our Manufactured
Capital includes our energy efficient
offices, data centers, innovation hubs,
digital studios, and our technology
infrastructure across the globe. With
the highest-rated green buildings
on our campuses and investments
in collaborative tech infrastructure,
we offer productive, safe and healthy
workplaces for employees, clients and
contractors.
Social and Relationship
Capital
Our Social and Relationship Capital
guides us as we bring the interests
of our stakeholders to the fore. As
enterprises focus on reshaping
their businesses to prepare for the
digital era, we are helping our clients
drive transformation and sustain
gain from their large-scale business
transformation efforts. Our Foundations
focus on CSR efforts globally across
the domains of education, healthcare,
women empowerment, sustainability,
rural development, art and culture,
and disaster relief. Our social ambition
focuses on serving the development
of people by shaping a future with
meaningful opportunities for all.
Human Capital
Nurturing talent for the future is
essential for our continued success.
Our 5C model for Engagement –
Connect, Collaborate, Celebrate, Care,
and Culture, is designed to strengthen
and reinforce our culture so that it is
experienced uniformly and positively
by employees – remote or in office.
We have long-established paths for
employee upskilling and reskilling, and
our efforts have been well rewarded,
providing value to our people and us.
Natural Capital
Climate action has been a key focus
area for our Natural Capital. We have
been at the forefront of the ESG
movement and became carbonneutral in 2020 – 30 years ahead of the
timeline set by the Paris Agreement.
Today, we incorporate environmental
considerations into everything that we
do, as we power the journey towards a
sustainable world for all.
The capitals, as described below, provide a holistic perspective of how short, medium and long-term value is created
and preserved at Infosys. The capitals are simultaneously inter-dependent and mutually beneficial as they create
synergy across the organization. Our strategy and ESG framework  help to channel all inputs through the capitals to
manifest into the most impactful outputs and outcomes for all stakeholders.
18 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 19
About Infosys
Corporate overview
Infosys is a global leader in nextgeneration digital services and
consulting. We enable clients in more
than 56 countries to navigate their
digital transformation.
With over four decades of experience
in managing the systems and
workings of global enterprises,
we expertly steer clients, as they
navigate their digital transformation
powered by the cloud. We enable
them with an AI-powered core,
empower the business with agile
digital at scale and drive continuous
improvement with always-on
learning through the transfer of
digital skills, expertise, and ideas
from our innovation ecosystem.
We are deeply committed to being
a well-governed, environmentally
sustainable organization where
diverse talent thrives in an inclusive
workplace.
Established in 1981, from a capital of
US$250, we have grown to become a
company with a market capitalization
of approximately US$72.35 billion.
In our journey of over 40 years, we
have catalyzed India’s transformation
into the global destination for
software services talent. We
3,43,234
Employees
1,872
Active clients `1,46,767 cr
Total revenues in fiscal 2023
pioneered the Global Delivery Model
and became the first IT company
from India to be listed on NASDAQ.
Even as Infosys first turned carbon
neutral in 2020 – 30 years ahead of
the 2050 timeline set by the Paris
Agreement, we articulated our ESG
Vision 2030, stating our commitment
to shape and share solutions that
serve the development of businesses
and communities. This reaffirms
our long-standing commitments
focused across core areas including
climate change, technology for
good, diversity and inclusion,
energizing local communities, ethics
and transparency, data privacy and
information management.
Our Values
Our Company’s Code of Conduct
stands on the strong foundation
set by our values, encapsulated in
the acronym C-LIFE.
Client value
To surpass client expectations
consistently
Leadership by example
To set standards in our business
and transactions and be an
exemplar for the industry and
ourselves
Integrity and transparency
To be ethical, sincere and open in
all our transactions
Fairness
To be objective and transactionoriented, and thereby earn trust
and respect
Excellence
To strive relentlessly, constantly
improve ourselves, our teams, our
services and products to become
the best
Our Purpose
To amplify human potential
and create the next
opportunity for people,
businesses and communities
Revenue by geography
Regions 2022-23
North America 61.8%
Europe 25.7%
Rest of the World 9.9%
India 2.6%
274
No. of offices
56
No. of countries
For details of our global locations, visit
https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/global-presence2023.pdf
Global presence*
Corporate overview
Infosys began its operations in a small apartment office in Pune,
India, in 1981. Today, we have offices across six continents.
Argentina
Brazil
USA
Canada
Costa Rica
Chile
Peru
Mexico
Puerto Rico
Australia
New Zealand
China
Saudi Arabia UAE
Qatar
Turkey
Israel
India
South Africa
Mauritius
Armenia
Belgium
Bulgaria
Luxembourg
Ireland
UK
Netherlands
Germany
France
Spain
Portugal
Liechtenstein
Hungary
Slovakia
Switzerland
Serbia
Italy
Malta
Denmark Finland
Sweden
Hong Kong Taiwan
Philippines
Malaysia Singapore
Japan
South Korea
Latvia
Lithuania
Czech Republic
Poland
Austria
Croatia
Romania
Norway
Countries where we operate
*as of May 29, 2023
20 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 21
The Infosys Board of Directors
Corporate overview
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Chairperson
Member
D. Sundaram
Lead Independent Director
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Risk Management Committee
Audit Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
Michael Gibbs
Independent Director
Chairperson
Member
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
Audit Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Risk Management Committee
Bobby Parikh
Independent Director
Member
Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Uri Levine
Independent Director*
Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Risk Management Committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
* Retired on April 19, 2023
Chitra Nayak
Independent Director
Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Risk Management Committee
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
Note: The Board and Committee composition is as of March 31, 2023.
Govind Iyer
Independent Director
Chairperson
Member
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
Chairperson Chairperson
Audit Committee Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Risk Management Committee
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
22 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 23
The Infosys Board of Directors
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
Age: 58
Nationality: Indian
Committee details (1)(2)
Committee details (1)(2)
Tenure on Board
Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Shareholding
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Date of appointment
Date of reappointment
Term ending date
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
Areas of expertise
Member: Nil
Chairperson: Nil
Member: Nil
Chairperson: Nil
5.6 years
5.2 years
4,07,83,162 shares (0.98%)
7,86,658 shares (0.02%)
Infosys Limited: Non-Executive and
Non-Independent Director
January 02, 2018 Infosys Limited: Executive Director
August 24, 2017
July 01, 2022
NA
March 31, 2027
• Financial
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
• Financial
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/nandan-nilekani.html
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/salil-parekh.html
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman and Non-Executive and
Non-Independent Director (Promoter)
Age: 67
Nationality: Indian
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
D. Sundaram
Lead Independent Director
Age: 70
Nationality: Indian
Committee details (1)(2)
Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Date of reappointment
Date of appointment
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
Member: 5
Chairperson: 2
5.7 years
Nil
Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited:
Independent Director
GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited:
Independent Director
July 14, 2022
July 14, 2017
July 13, 2027
• Financial
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/d-sundaram.html
Michael Gibbs
Independent Director
Age: 65
Nationality: American
Committee details (1)(2)
Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Board memberships – Indian listed
companies
Date of appointment
Date of reappointment
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
Member: 2
Chairperson: 1
4.7 years
Nil
Infosys Limited: Independent Director
July 13, 2018
July 13, 2021
July 12, 2026
• Financial
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/michael-gibbs.html
24 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 25
The Infosys Board of Directors
Chitra Nayak
Independent Director
Age: 60
Nationality: American
Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Date of appointment
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
2 years
Nil
March 25, 2021
March 24, 2024
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/chitra-nayak.html Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/campaigns/profile-uri-levine.html
Committee details (1)(2)
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Member: 1
Chairperson: Nil
Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Bobby Parikh
Independent Director
Age: 59
Nationality: Indian
Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Date of appointment
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
2.7 years
6,887 shares (0.00%)
July 15, 2020
July 14, 2023
• Financial
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/bobby-parikh.html
Committee details (1)(2)
Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Member: 7
Chairperson: 4
Infosys Limited: Independent Director
Biocon Limited: Independent Director
Indostar Capital Finance Limited: Independent
Director
Committee details (1)(2) Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
Member: Nil
Chairperson: Nil
2.9 years
Nil
April 20, 2020 Infosys Limited: Independent Director
April 19, 2023
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Information Technology
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
• Mergers & Acquisitions
Uri Levine
Independent Director
Age: 58
Nationality: Israeli
Govind Iyer
Independent Director
Age: 60
Nationality: Indian
Committee details (1)(2) Tenure on Board
Shareholding
Date of appointment Board memberships – Indian listed companies
Term ending date
Areas of expertise
Member: Nil
Chairperson: Nil
0.2 years
991 shares (0.00%)
January 12, 2023 Infosys Limited: Independent Director
January 11, 2028
• Diversity
• Global business
• Leadership
• Cybersecurity
• Board service & governance
• Sales & marketing
• Sustainability & ESG
• Risk management
Read full profile at: https://www.infosys.com/about/management-profiles/govind-iyer.html
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
1. In the committee details provided, every chairpersonship is also considered as a membership.
2. For the purposes of determination of committee details as per Regulation 26 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(“Listing Regulations”), membership and chairpersonship of only the audit committee and the stakeholders relationship committee across all public companies are
considered.
3. Details are as of March 31, 2023.
26 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 27
The Infosys leadership team* Corporate overview
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and Managing
Director
Nilanjan Roy
Chief Financial Officer
Anand Swaminathan
Segment Head – Communication,
Media and Technology
Anant Raghavendra Adya
Group Practice Engagement
Manager – Cloud Services
Ashiss Kumar Dash
Segment Head – Energy, Utilities,
Resources and Services
Dinesh R.
Co-Head of Delivery, Infosys
Andrew Groth
Industry Head – Financial Services,
Healthcare, Insurance and
Life Sciences
Balakrishna D.R.
Service Offering Head – Energy,
Utilities, Communications, Resources
& Services, AI and Automation
Hemant Lamba
Head – Strategic Global Sourcing
Anup Kapoor
Global Head Operations – IBPM
Deepak Bhalla
Chief Risk Officer & Global Head –
Business Finance and Operations
Planning
Inderpreet Sawhney
Group General Counsel and
Chief Compliance Officer
Arun Kumar H.R.
Head – Business Strategy, Planning
and Operations
Dennis Kantilal Gada
Industry Head, Financial Services
Jasmeet Singh
Segment Head – Manufacturing
Jayesh Sanghrajka
Deputy Chief Financial Officer
Karmesh Gul Vaswani
Segment Head – CPG, Logistics
& Retail
Mohammed Rafee Tarafdar
Chief Technology Officer,
Global Delivery
Rajesh Varrier
Service Offering Head and Head –
Americas Operations
Shaji Mathew
Group Head – Human Resources
Umashankar Lakshmipathy
Group Practice Engagement
Manager, Cloud and Infrastructure
Services
Narsimha Rao Mannepalli
Co-Head of Delivery, Infosys
Richard Lobo
Head, HR – Infosys Limited
Ruchir Budhwar
Industry Head, Manufacturing
Sumit Virmani
Chief Marketing Officer
Satish H.C.
Co-Head of Delivery, Infosys
Martha King
Chief Client Officer
Sunil Kumar Dhareshwar
Global Head – Corporate Accounting
& Taxation and Group Head –
Facilities, Infrastructure and Security
Rajeev Ranjan
Service Offering Head –
Manufacturing, India & Japan
Business Units
Anantharaman Radhakrishnan
Chief Executive Officer &
Managing Director – IBPM
*List as of May 29, 2023
28 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 29
Business highlights
Performance overview
Dividend per share (in ₹)
34.0
9.7% growth Y-o-Y
Revenues
₹1,46,767cr
20.7% growth Y-o-Y
15.4% CC growth Y-o-Y
Operating margin
21.0%
Robust operating margin
Infosys achieved industryleading revenue growth of
15.4% with healthy operating
margin of 21.0% for fiscal
2023. Our ESG Vision 2030 and
ambitions continue to drive
value for all our stakeholders.
Carbon offset programs
2,40,000+
Rural families continue to benefit
Digital revenues
(as a % of total revenue)
62.2%
25.6% CC growth Y-o-Y
Free cash(1)
₹20,443cr
FCF conversion at 84.8% of net profit
Consolidated cash and
investments(2)
₹ 31,286cr
Continue to main strong
liquidity position
Buyback completed
₹ 9,300cr
at an average price of ₹ 1,539.06
Return on equity
31.2%
Improved by 2.1% over
the last fiscal
Basic earnings per share
(par value of ₹ 5 each)
57.63
9.7% growth Y-o-Y
Number of US$ 50 million + clients
75
Strong client metrics with increase
of 11 clients Y-o-Y
In ₹ crore, except per equity share data FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019
Revenues(1) 1,46,767 1,21,641 1,00,472 90,791 82,675
Net profit(1)(2) 24,095 22,110 19,351 16,594 15,404
Basic earnings per share (in ₹)(1) 57.63 52.52 45.61 38.97 35.44
Market capitalization 5,92,394 8,02,162 5,82,880 2,73,214 3,24,448
In US$ million, except per equity share data FY 2023 FY 2022 FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019
Revenues(1) 18,212 16,311 13,561 12,780 11,799
Net profit(1)(2) 2,981 2,963 2,613 2,331 2,199
Basic earnings per share (in ₹)(1) 0.71 0.70 0.62 0.55 0.51
Market capitalization 72,351 104,706 79,760 34,966 47,614
Notes:
(1) Based on IFRS consolidated financial statements
(2) Attributable to owners of the Company
Key trends
Note:
(1) Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
prepared under IFRS.
(2) Comprise cash and cash equivalents, current and non-current investments excluding investments in unquoted equity and preference shares, and others.
Large deal TCV
(Total contract value in US$ billion)
$9.8b
Sustained momentum in large
deal wins continues
Women employees
39.4%
Steady progress towards
gender diversity goals
Digital skilling
8.5mn
People are a part of our digital
skilling initiatives
Tech for Good
114mn +
Lives empowered via our Tech for
Good solutions in e-governance,
education and healthcare
Carbon neutrality
Carbon neutral for
4 years in a row
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions ~50,000
Fresh graduates hired globally
30 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 31
Chairman’s message
Performance overview
If there is one overriding theme that defines our current
world, it is that it is suffused with uncertainty. The placid
and the predictable are behind us as each new day brings
new inputs and new events that derail the carefully-crafted
models we have constructed of the world around us. The
cocktail of inflation, interest rates, geopolitics, war, demand
volatility, supply chain dislocations, the shift from efficiency
to resilience and security, all stirring quickly and without
warning, is what’s before us. In any week, we may oscillate
from caution to optimism and back to caution based on
the news of the day.
Such times of intense uncertainty, great short-term
pressure, and crunched resources require that companies
must become better, more efficient in their ability to be
resilient in the present while also securing their future
growth. This is easier said than done. The extreme volatility
that surrounds us creates so many probable future states,
that it simply isn’t prudent for businesses to plan to
succeed in any one anticipated future scenario. Instead, we
need to develop the flexibility to be able to avoid limiting
choices, reduce concentration risk, quickly adapt, and learn
to thrive in any new reality.
The era of optionality is upon us.
Optionality can take various forms. In our IT infrastructure,
it is the ability to dynamically reconfigure the way we
work – remotely, in office or hybrid. In the area of talent, it
is about building and deploying agile learning platforms
so that our people can hone their skill sets to match
new demand and new technologies. It is about having a
digital-first and AI-first business architecture which can
be constantly configured. It is finding the right balance
between retaining the core of a company and working
with partners on others. Optionality must be ingrained in
strategy and execution.
Our CEO, Salil Parekh, and his global leadership team,
realized early on the value that advanced digital
technologies like AI and cloud, and more recently,
generative AI, can bring to imagine and execute for
multiple options in the future. They came together as
One Infosys to orchestrate teams that lead the charge to
continually transform Infosys into an organization that truly
realizes human-machine synergies, from fundamentally
rethinking organizational design to segmenting cognitive
tasks to get the right balance between people, technology,
and process. Today, Infosys is steadily progressing towards
a future where we don’t just solve immediate business
Navigating uncertainty
Nandan M. Nilekani
Chairman
problems, but continually innovate and architect for
challenges that may emerge in the future. We build it
for ourselves first, and then, deeply rooted in our own
experience, take it widely to our clients.
The awesome possibilities of generative AI, we know from
our own journey to becoming an AI-first enterprise, is not
without its risks. The problems of AI hallucination, systemic
biases, lack of explainability along with plenty of practical,
ethical and intellectual property-related issues remain open
and up for debate. We also know, from our experience,
that the path to scaling AI enterprise-wide is non-linear.
Often, organizations, seeking to mine value from data and
AI models, successfully undertake pilots but fail to factor in
what it will take to scale value across the whole enterprise.
As demands increase, data volumes grow, and complexity
rises, companies find themselves unable to surmount the
associated challenges and start to question the path to
value. Navigating to value-at-scale from AI and retaining
the larger strategic vision while breaking down the tasks
into sequential small wins, is not always intuitive or simple.
With our AI-first strategy, Infosys is guided by that road
map. We are also bringing to our global clients the ability
to accelerate business value and amplify human potential
using AI technologies with Infosys TopazTM
.
The digital transformation of every industry and every
business, over the last several years, has laid the foundation
to create optionality as we navigate the way forward.
Our clients have always trusted us to assist them not only
to make the right digital investments but to safeguard
these investments for their future. Today, we are excited
by the opportunity and humbled by the responsibility we
have to enable them to bring all their digital capabilities
together to execute quickly and effectively for now, while
developing multiple options to amplify their competitive
advantage and market leadership in an uncertain future.
Our client relevance has never been so compelling, our
investment in employees as continuous and consistent,
and our purpose so keen. We are ready to co-create with
our clients and our entire ecosystem a flexible future that
puts people first and benefits the broader society even as
it propels business forward. After all, like many have said,
imagination is our invisible power to create all things. Our
future can be as bright as we imagine it to be.
Bengaluru Nandan M. Nilekani
May 29, 2023 Chairman
32 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 33
Letter to the Shareholder
Performance overview
Dear shareholder,
Financial year 2023 was a strong year for our business.
In FY23, we saw growth of over 15%, operating margins
of 21%, and free cash flow of US$2.5 billion. Our attrition
reduced for each quarter of the year.
With the changing economic environment, we positioned
our Company to work with clients for their digital
transformation as well as their cost efficiency and
automation programs, enabling us to support them in two
critical areas of interest.
We have developed a strong set of capabilities in
generative artificial intelligence to enhance how we enable
our clients to derive value. These capabilities are available
to all our clients in the form of Infosys TopazTM
.
Our Cobalt capabilities for the cloud continue to resonate
with our clients. Our platforms, including Finacle for banks,
McCamish for insurance, Equinox for commerce, and Helix
for healthcare, are creating strong impact with clients.
During the year, we were recognized by Brand Finance
among the top three most valuable IT services brands
globally.
We continue to deepen our engagement with our clients.
The number of clients with over US$100 million in revenue
for the year was at 40. The number of clients with over
US$50 million in revenue for the year was at 75. Our large
deal intensity was strong during the year. We had 95 large
deals with a value of US$9.8 billion in the year. We see
our One Infosys approach helping support our clients by
bringing all our capabilities and the strength of our entire
employee-base to work for their benefit.
We recruited over 50,000 college graduates in the year and
ended the year with over 3,40,000 employees. At the end
of the year, 39% of our employees were women.
Our learning ecosystem enabled over 5.5 million learning
days for our employees during the year.
Last year we returned US$3.1 billion to our shareholders –
US$1.7 billion as dividend and US$1.4 billion through our
share buyback program.
At the end of the financial year, we were the leading
company among our peers in total shareholder return over
the past five years.
We remain committed to the communities we live and
operate in. With the work of Infosys Foundation, we
support a variety of social causes, including creating
positive impact in healthcare, education, sustainability, and
women empowerment. Our Infosys Springboard initiative
continues to help build digital skills by providing free
learning programs to millions of people around the world.
In the past few quarters, we have seen the global
economy dealing with inflation, interest rate increases,
and changes in demand environment for companies in
various industries. Our strength in digital, cloud, and in
automation, along with cost efficiency capabilities have
held us in good stead. These will continue to be critical in
the evolving economic environment.
As I look ahead, given the trust of our clients, the
dedication of our employees, the strength of our
capabilities, our One Infosys approach, and the guidance
of our Board, I remain confident of our ability to serve our
clients and continue to create impact for them.
With my warmest regards,
Sd/-
Bengaluru Salil Parekh
May 29, 2023 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer and
Managing Director
34 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 35
Awards and recognitions
Performance overview
Recognized as a constituent of the
Dow Jones Sustainability World
Index for 2022
Secured a place in CDP’s annual
‘A List’ for leadership in corporate
transparency and performance on
climate change
Recognized as one of
the 2023 World’s Most
Ethical Companies® by
Ethisphere
Won the Economic
Times Best
Organizations for
Women Award 2023
Recognized in the LEADERSHIP
category in the Indian Corporate
Governance Scorecard Assessment by
Institutional Investor Advisory Services
(IiAS) for the seventh year in a row
Honored at the Asset ESG Corporate
Awards 2022 with a ‘Platinum
Award for excellence in ESG’,
‘Best Investor Relations Team’, ‘Best
initiative in Diversity and Inclusion’,
and ‘Best initiative in Environmental
Responsibility’
ESG
Awarded HFS OneOffice™ Award in the
Sustainability category
Recognized as a leader in Everest
– Sustainability Enablement
Technology Services PEAK Matrix®
Assessment
Ranked as a leader in HFS Top 10:
Sustainability Services, 2022
Infosys BPM won the Best CSR
Impact Award at the Corporate Social
Responsibility Summit & Awards 2023
by UBS Forum
Recognized as a top ESG performer in
2023 by Sustainalytics
Infosys topped the charts in the
CRISIL ESG Leadership Rankings
and was featured in the CRISIL
Sustainability Yearbook, 2022 for the
second consecutive year
Secured an ‘AA’ rating on MSCI ESG
Assessment
Recognized by EcoVadis with a Gold
medal for the seventh year in a row
Ranked in the Top 3 IT Services
Brands in the world and among
the Top 150 Most Valued Brands by
Brand Finance Global 500 2023 report
Business
Won the ‘Most
Outstanding Company
in India – IT Services
Sector’ in Asia’s
Outstanding Companies
Poll 2022 by Asiamoney
Won the Gold Award at the
Brandon Hall Group Excellence in
Technology Awards
Recognized as a Global Top
Employer 2023 by the Top
Employers Institute for the 3rd
consecutive year
Recognized as ‘GSI Innovation
Partner of the Year 2022’ at
Snowflake Summit
Winner of the 2022 Microsoft
Security Modern Endpoint
Management Partner of the Year
Award
Recognized as the Top Service
Provider Across Nordics in
the Whitelane Research and PA
Consulting IT Sourcing Study 2023
Awarded HFS
OneOffice™ Award
in the Innovation
Ecosystem category
Recognized as a Top Employer in
22 countries across Europe, Middle
East, Asia Pacific, and North America
for best-in-class HR practices and
processes
Won the FE CFO Awards 2023 in the
Large Enterprises - Servicing Sector
category.
Won Treasury Today Asia’s Top
Treasury Team 2022 award at the
Adam Smith Awards Asia 2022
Named in AVTAR Top 10 Best
Companies for Women in India
list in 2022
Recognized among Kantar’s global 100
most valuable brands in 2022
Recognized as UK’s Best Workplaces™
in Tech 2022 by Great Place to Work®
Recognized among Mexico’s Best
HR leaders of 2022 by Great Place
to Work®
Recognized amongst India’s Best
Workplaces™ for Women 2022 by
Great Place to Work®
Won the ICAI Sustainability
Reporting Awards 2021-22 for Gender
Equality
Infosys recognized as the Champion
of Inclusion in the Most Inclusive
Companies Index (MICI) and featured
in the “100 Best – Hall of Fame” by
Avtar & Seramount, 2022
Infosys received the Great Place to Work® Certification across five
regions including India, Australia, United Kingdom, Germany, USA,
Canada and Mexico. Infosys BPM received the Great Place to Work®
Certification in the Philippines
Positioned as a leader in HFS Top
10: Capital Markets Services, 2022
Infosys InStep Ranked as the ‘Best
Internship Program’ in the 2023
Vault Firsthand Rankings
Infosys BPM won in the
International Project of the Year
category with Telefonica UK, at
the Global Sourcing Association
(GSA) UK Awards 2022
Infosys rated as “Most Noteworthy”
Company by DiversityInc, USA
Recognized as one of the “Most
Honored” companies, receiving
multiple awards at the 2022 AllAsia Executive Team Rankings from
Institutional Investor
36 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 37
Infosys BPM recognized as:
• Leader & Star Performer in Everest
Group Capital Markets Operations PEAK
Matrix® Assessment 2023
• Leader in Everest Group Marketing
Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2023
• Leader in the NelsonHall Financial
Services Cloud, SaaS & BPaaS NEAT 2023
• Leader and Star Performer in Everest
Group’s Finance and Accounting
Outsourcing (FAO) PEAK Matrix®
Assessment
• LEADER in Nelson Hall NEAT: Supply
Chain Transformation 2022
• LEADER in Everest Group Financial Crime
& Compliance Operations – Services
PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2022
• Leader in the 2022 Gartner® Magic
Quadrant™ for Finance and Accounting
Business Process Outsourcing
Infosys won the 2022 Marketing
Excellence Gold Award from
Information Technology Services
Marketing Association (ITSMA) for
Infosys Cobalt
Infosys, along with client Lanxess
recognized as a winner in the
“Workplace of the Future” category
in 2022 ISG Paragon Awards™ EMEA
EdgeVerve named “Innovator” in
the Computer Vision Category
at the 2022 NASSCOM AI Game
Changer Award
Infosys Finacle won the ‘Best Core
Banking System Initiative in
partnership with Bank Raya’ and
‘Best Retail Bank in partnership
with Axis Bank’ at the Retail Banker
International Asia Trail blazer
Awards 2023
Infosys BPM and Rio Tinto
won the SSON North
America Impact Award
2023, in the Business
Resiliency category
Infosys BPM announced
as a winner in the
Telecommunications Project of
the Year category with BT-EE, at
the Global Sourcing Association
(GSA) UK Awards 2022
Infosys Finacle positioned as a Leader
in The Everest Group PEAK Matrix®
for Wealth Management Products
Provider 2023 report
EdgeVerve awarded the Gold GLOBEE
Awards for Disruptor Company of the
Year in Automation and Productivity
Infosys ranked among the Top 5
employers in India for the second
year in a row, recognized for industry
leading employee practices by
LinkedIn Top Companies 2022
Awards and recognition
Infosys positioned as a leader in
NelsonHall’s
• End-to-End Cloud Infrastructure
Management Services 2022
• Supply Chain Transformation 2022
• Mortgage & Loan Services 2022
• Financial Services Cloud NEAT, BPaas
NEAT, and SaaS NEAT 2023
• Freight and Logistics Digital Services
2022-23
• Life Sciences Digital services 2022-23
• Utilities Digital Services 2022–2023
• Manufacturing Digital Services 2022–
2023
• CPG Digital Services 2022-23
• Hybrid Enterprise Cloud Services 2022-
2023
Infosys ranked as a leader in HFS
Horizons:
• Cloud Native Transformation, 2022
• The Best Service Providers for Retail
Banking, 2023
• Digital Engineering Service Providers,
2023
• Metaverse Services Providers 2023
Infosys ranked as a leader in
Constellation ShortList™
• Blockchain Technology Services
• Campaign to Commerce: Best-of-Breed
Commerce Platforms
• Digital Transformation Services (DTX):
Global
• Public Cloud Transformation Services:
Global
• AI-Driven Cognitive Applications
• Customer Experience (CX) Operations
Services: Global
• Metaverse Design and Services
• Innovation Services and Engineering
• Learning Marketplaces
• Microsoft End-to-End Service Providers
• System Integration (SI) Capabilities on
Amazon Web Services (AWS) 2022
• ServiceNow Services 2022
• System Integration (SI) Capabilities on
Microsoft Azure 2022
• Software Product Engineering Services
2023
• System Integration (SI) Capabilities on
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) 2022
• Workplace Communication and
Collaboration (WCC) Services 2023
• Application and Digital Services (ADS)
in Property & Casualty (P&C) Insurance
2023
• Risk and Compliance in BFS IT Services
2023
• Application and Digital Services (ADS) in
Life and Annuity (L&A) Insurance 2023
• Advanced Analytics and Insights (AA&I)
Services 2023
• Digital Transformation Consulting
Services 2023 Infosys recognized as a leader in
Forrester Wave™
• Cloud Migration and Managed Service
Partners in Asia Pacific, Q4 2022
• Multicloud-Managed Services Providers,
Q1 2023
Infosys positioned as a leader in the
2022 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for
• Oracle Cloud Applications Services,
Worldwide
• SAP S/4HANA Application Services,
Worldwide
• IT Services for Communications Service
Providers, Worldwide
Infosys recognized as a leader in ISG
Provider Lens™
• ServiceNow Ecosystem Partners in U.S.
and Australia 2022 Quadrant Report
• Power & Utilities Industry - Services and
Solutions 2022 study in the US
• Digital Business Enablement and ESG
Services in US, UK, Nordics, Germany,
Australia and Brazil
• Next-Gen ADM Services 2022 ISG
Provider lens™ study in US
Infosys positioned as a leader
in Avasant’s RadarView™
assessments in
• Salesforce Services 2022
• Internet of Things Services 2022
• Cybersecurity Services 2022
• Applied AI and Advanced Analytics
Services 2022
• Digital Master’s 2022
Infosys ranked as a leader in
the IDC MarketScape’s Vendor
Assessments in
• Worldwide Cloud Professional Services
• Worldwide Intelligent Automation
Services
• Worldwide SAP Implementation
Services 2022
• Asia/Pacific SAP Implementation
Services 2022
• Asia/Pacific Salesforce Implementation
Services 2022
• Worldwide Manufacturing Service LifeCycle Management Strategic Consulting
2022
• EMEA Service Providers for Energy
Transition and New Business Models for
Oil and Gas Companies 2022
• EMEA Industrial Internet of Things
Service Providers for Oil and Gas
Companies 2022
• Worldwide Manufacturing Intelligence
Transformation 2023
• Worldwide Manufacturing Intelligence
Transformation Strategic Consulting
2023
• Worldwide Professional Services
Firms for Mining Operational Process
Optimization 2023
• Asia/Pacific Intelligent Digital Workplace
Services 2023
Recognized as a leader in Everest’s
PEAK Matrix Assessment in
• Data and Analytics (D&A) Services 2022
• Healthcare Payer Digital Services 2022
• Oracle Cloud Applications (OCA)
Services for Europe
38 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 39
Our business context
Approaching value creation
Technology is transforming
businesses in every industry
around the world in a profound and
fundamental way. In fiscal 2023, we
saw emerging technologies, like
generative AI, 5G, Low Code No
Code, shape the future of industries.
Responsible business approaches,
including embracing ESG, have
gained traction. We continued to
witness businesses attempting to
reimagine their cost structures,
increase business resilience and
agility, personalize experiences
for customers and employees,
and launch new and disruptive
products and services. Enterprises
are leveraging models of the
digital era to extend the value of
existing investments and, in parallel,
transform and future-proof their
business. The need for professionals
who are highly skilled in both
traditional and digital technology
areas are driving businesses to
build strategic technology and
IT partnerships to realize their
transformation journeys.
We are also in the third wave of
AI evolution. The first was driven
by machine learning, the second
by deep learning and the third by
foundation models that will enable
us to further fine-tune the necessities
of specialized domains and tasks.
The future of the technology industry
continues to be shaped by the
following trends:
• Accelerated demand for IT services
with digital going mainstream and
growth pockets emerging in areas
like cloud, AI, cybersecurity, IoT and
immersive technologies
• Focus on cost takeouts to deal with
the uncertain global environment
• Greater leverage of general-purpose
AI technology
• Increase in enterprise spending on
hybrid, multi-cloud led transformation
• Proliferation of tech natives and large
enterprises responding by reinventing
digital business models
• Intense competition for talent as
enterprises embrace new ways
of working amid scarcity of niche
digital skills
• Focus on Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) as a strategic theme
for all enterprise stakeholders
Intense competition marks the
delivery of traditional services in
a rapidly changing marketplace,
especially with the emergence of
new players in niche technology
areas. Infosys’ industry expertise, end
to-end service capability and digital
solutions, ability to scale, established
platforms, superior quality and
process execution, distributed agile
global delivery model, experienced
management team, talented
professionals and track record are
often cited as clear differentiators.
Responsibility and
responsiveness
As an early proponent of responsible
business, Infosys has incorporated
ESG goals into the entirety of its
operations. Infosys ESG Vision 2030
articulates the Company’s ambitions
to balance success as a business with
unwavering focus on exemplary
governance and responsiveness to
the needs of stakeholders. Primary
stakeholders include investors,
customers, employees, suppliers,
communities, government and
regulatory bodies. The expectations
of the Company’s investors include
sustainable business performance
and good returns; customers want
long-term business value and
innovative solutions; employees are
keen for opportunities to learn and
grow, suppliers look forward to longterm relationships; communities seek
improved lives, while governments
and regulators expect good
governance and legal compliance.
Infosys continues to deliver value to
all its stakeholders through prudent
and responsible business decisions,
services and operations.
During fiscal 2023, Infosys extended
adoption of the integrated Enterprise
Risk Management framework across
the organization, strengthening
its risk management program
significantly. While the Company
tracks several risks to its business, the
top risks and mitigation, along with
emerging risks, are available in the
Risk management report.
Key products and platforms
Digital
Core
Experience Accelerate
Insight Assure
Innovate
Application management services Infrastructure management services
Proprietary application development services Traditional enterprise application implementation
Independent validation solutions Support and integration services
Product engineering and management Business process management
Our solutions are classified as digital and core.
Digital accelerators
Infosys Metaverse Foundry eases and fast-tracks enterprises’ exploration of the
metaverse, including virtual and augmented environments, for their customers,
workplace, products and operations.
Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions focuses on incubation of NextGen
services and offerings by identifying and building technology capabilities to
accelerate innovation.
Center for Emerging
Technology Solutions
Infosys Cobalt is a set of services, solutions, and platforms for enterprises to accelerate
their cloud journey.
Infosys Topaz is an AI-first offering to accelerate business value for global enterprises
using generative AI.
40 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 41
Strategy
Approaching value creation
Our strategic objective is to build a sustainable and resilient organization that remains
relevant to the agenda of our clients, while creating growth opportunities for our
employees, generating profitable returns for our investors and contributing to the
communities that we operate in.
Scale agile digital
Our revenue from digital technology
related services and solutions has
more than doubled in the last
three years, and now comprises
62.2% of our total revenue. We are
rated as a “leader” in 56 industry
analyst ratings across our digital
offerings. These outcomes are a
result of investments we have made
to expand our digital footprint via
reskilling of our employees, targeted
acquisitions, strong ecosystem
partnerships, innovation experience
centers across the world, intellectual
property development, reconfiguring
our workspaces for agile software
development and enhancing
our brand.
During the fiscal, we completed the
acquisition of oddity to augment
our human experience capabilities
in Europe. Through our academia
partnerships with Purdue, Trinity,
RISD and eCornell, we have trained
over 7,500 employees in niche
digital skills.
Our Insight and data analytics
services and solutions were further
strengthened with our Infosys
Applied AI solutions, coupled with
the Infosys Data Workbench. Our AI
platform, Infosys Applied AI, helps
enterprises adopt a comprehensive
approach to scaling enterprise-grade
AI for their businesses. Our Core AI
Engineering will focus on identifying,
fine tuning and deploying models,
API’s and platforms in a responsible
manner for building AI products.
Our Innovate-related services and
solutions are boosted by workspaces
that have been specifically
redesigned for agile software
development, teams reskilled in
agile methodologies, certified
scrum masters and capabilities in
horizontal technologies such as
5G, autonomous tech, product
engineering, internet of things and
blockchain.
Our Accelerate-related services
are aimed at rapidly transforming
our clients’ legacy technology
landscapes and processes with digital
technology. We invested in and
built strong partnerships with cloud
hyperscalers such as AWS, GCP and
Microsoft Azure, and SaaS providers.
Infosys Equinox, our flagship digital
commerce platform, is a set of core
microservices encompassing all
digital commerce scenarios to help
enterprises rapidly build and deploy
features across all touchpoints
and channels, without the friction
associated with legacy platforms.
Our Automation and AI services
grew on the back of our alliances
with leading Robotic Process
Automation (RPA) solution providers,
AI infrastructure players like Nvidia
and niche AI players, powered by
our best-in-class solutions, IPs and
frameworks. We have automated
over 50,000 processes for our clients
and have over 12,000 ready use cases
across industries.
Our Assure-related services, in
software testing and cybersecurity,
continued to grow with investments
in Cyber Gaze, our cybersecurity
dashboard and suite of applications.
Our clients and prospective clients
are faced with transformative
business opportunities due to
advances in software and computing
technology. These organizations
are dealing with the challenge
of having to reinvent their core
offerings, processes and systems
rapidly and position themselves as
“digitally enabled”. The journey to
the digital future requires not just an
understanding of new technologies
and new ways of working, but a deep
appreciation of existing technology
landscapes, business processes
and practices. Our strategy is to be
a navigator for our clients as they
ideate, plan and execute on their
journey to a digital future.
In 2018, we embraced a four-pronged
strategy to strengthen our relevance
with clients and drive accelerated
value creation:
1. Scale agile digital
2. Energize the core
3. Reskill our people
4. Expand localization
We believe the investments we have
made, and continue to make, in our
strategy will enable us to advise and
help our clients as they tackle the
current market conditions. Further,
we have been able to successfully
enable most of our employees
worldwide to work remotely and
securely – giving us the operational
stability to deliver on client
commitments and ensuring our own
business continuity.
Over the last few years, we have
executed on this strategy and
generated significant outcomes.
Looking ahead, and to continue staying relevant to the emerging needs of our clients, we prioritize:
• Scaling our cloud capabilities,
especially around cloud advisory,
data on cloud, cloud security, SaaS,
PaaS, IaaS and private cloud;
• Expanding capabilities in key
digital technology areas such
as AI, product engineering,
cybersecurity and human
experience;
• Strengthening our employee value
proposition for the newer contexts
of work and workplace;
• Running our operations in a
cost-effective and agile manner,
including increasing the levels of
automation in our service delivery;
• Delivering on our ESG
commitments, while at the same
time enabling our clients to realize
their sustainability goals.
Energize the core
Leveraging automation and AI,
we are winning and executing
several engagements for our
clients to modernize their core
legacy technology and process
landscapes. We made significant
investments in our “Live Enterprise”
platform, including our Bot Factory
of preconfigured automation bots
and Live Enterprise Application
Management Platform (LEAP),
our platform for optimizing large
scale application maintenance and
reengineering.
In fiscal 2023, we won a total
contract value of over US$ 9.8
billion in large deals, continuing
to demonstrate our capabilities
and competitiveness in executing
complex transformation programs.
In addition, investments in our own
internal systems, reimagination of our
internal processes and automation
of software development processes
have helped increase our agility,
boost productivity and enhance our
competitiveness even in the current
paradigm of remote working.
Expand localization
With the objective of creating
differentiated talent pools and
ecosystems in our markets, we
made significant investments in
expanding our local workforce in
the United States, UK, Europe, Japan,
China, Canada and Australia. We
established innovation hubs, nearshore centers and digital design
studios across geographies. Further,
we expanded our university and
community college partnerships in
all these regions to aid internships,
recruitment, training and joint
research. In fiscal 2023, we recruited
over 10,169 employees locally in our
markets, of which 2,216 were fresh
graduates.
Reskill our people
Continuous learning and reskilling
has always been integral to our
operating model. We operate our
reskilling program with the twin
objectives of increasing fulfillment
of demand for digital skills in client
projects and for enriching the
expertise of our global workforce
in next generation technologies
and methodologies. We invested
in, and scaled, our digital reskilling
program globally. Our programs now
also encompass latest courses on
generative AI landscape.
Lex, our in-house developed,
anytime-anywhere-learning platform,
offers over 14,800 courses curated
for easy consumption on mobile
devices with advanced telemetry,
gamification and certification
features. Over 3,25,000 of our
employees use Lex and are spending
approximately 3.3 million training
days compared to 2.3 million in the
last fiscal.
Our platforms are also being
enhanced with generative AI aspects.
42 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 Infosys Integrated Annual Report 2022-23 43
Value creation model
Approaching value creation
Inputs Process and Strategy
Financial Capital
`75,407 cr Net assets
`31,286 cr Consolidated cash and investments
Intellectual Capital
1,90,000 Employees trained in digital skills
40 Industry-leading products, solutions and platforms
248 Startups in our innovation ecosystem
Human Capital
3,43,234 Total no. of employees
16.31 Annual average training days per
employee
`1,585cr Investments in employee well-being
Natural and Manufactured Capital
28.9 mn sq. ft. Highest rated green buildings
`1,510 cr Capex spend on tech infrastructure
32 Climate change solutions
Social and Relationship Capital
`517 cr Global CSR spends
1,872 Total no. of active clients
28 No. of nearshore / tier-2 locations
13 No. of carbon offset projects
Client offerings
Digital
Products
Platforms
Core solutions
Hi-Tech
Manufacturing
Life Sciences and Healthcare
Financial Services and Insurance
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services
Communications, Telecom OEM and Media
Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
Public Services
Others including segments of businesses in India, Japan and China
Go-to-market business units
Environment
Strategy
Social Governance
Our people and
the strong culture
of innovation
Scale agile digital
Energize the core
Reskill our people
Expand localization
Financial Capital
15.4%Constant currency revenue growth
9.7% Earnings per share growth
31.2%Return on equity
• Profitable growth
• Sustained / long-term cash flow
Intellectual Capital
62.2% Digital revenues
25.6%Constant currency digital revenue growth
56 Digital leader ratings
290 Artifacts published by the Infosys Knowledge Institute (IKI)
27 Reports published by IKI
735 Patents in the portfolio
• Diversified portfolio of solutions
across industry segments
• Innovation partner to clients
• Partner of choice for social and
environmental solutions for the
community
Human Capital
~50,000 Fresh graduates hired globally
1,35,355 Women in the workforce (39.